Added minutes for 2023-05-24.md (#1392)
nodejs/TSC: meetings/2023-05-24.md

* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Moshe Atlow @MoLow (voting member)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (voting member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* 2023 TSC Elections  [#1382](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1382)
  * Michael Dawson is the only candidate for Chair
  * Matteo Collina is the only candidate for vice-chair
  * Congratulations to both!

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

<https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/1055> - proposed changes to the Foundation bylaws.

\*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/TSC

* Moderation Team annual certification [#1390](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1390)
  * Done

* Adding the OpenJS Foundation staff as a billing manager for nodejs-private [#1376](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1376)
  * Rafael: we can disable the Mac and Windows
  * Matteo: I’ve disabled the Mac and Windows workflow in nodejs-private
  * Moshe: we can trigger the Mac Workflow only when a specific label is present

>   * Richard: we might disable Mac OS X altogether from GitHub Actions because it’s very costly even for GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Richard: we might disable macOS altogether from GitHub Actions because it’s very costly even for GitHub.
```

  * Richard: depending on how much activity there is in the private repo, we might still run out of minutes.
  * Matteo: take the action of getting a billing manager from the Foundation and add a small budget to it (100$/month) and see how it plays out.

* Opportunity: Grace Hopper Open Source Day (virtual) Sept 22, 2023 [#1372](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1372)

>   * Rafael is planning to create the private curated list any time soon. Likely next week.

Reviewer 2: Is this supposed to say "not create...any time soon"? Or "create...some time soon?"

Reviewer 2: I guess we could just remove it and leave "likely next week":

```suggestion
  * Rafael is planning to create the private curated list likely next week.
```
